README.md, before:

Application Name Overview
==============================================

1-2 paragraphs with an overview of the app


Required Environment / Minimum Setup
----------------------------------------------

PHP or Ruby version.  
Minimum setup required to run the app.


Notable Deviations
----------------------------------------------

Document any case where this project deviates from the standard policies.  
Not using git flow? What's the branching model?  
Esoteric release schedule? Document it.


Accessing the Site
----------------------------------------------

Is it running locally on WEBrick, pow, unicorn, PHP-FPM?  
Do you need to use custom subdomains or hosts?


Configuration
----------------------------------------------

Who do I speak with to get the values for configuration files?  
Who/where do I go to for dev/production database dumps?


Walkthrough / Smoke Test
----------------------------------------------

Describe a manual smoke test process to ensure that the env is running as it should be.


Testing
----------------------------------------------

How do you run the tests?


Staging Environment
----------------------------------------------

Where is it?  
How do I access it?  
Who do I speak with to get access?
How do I deploy to it?


Production Environment
----------------------------------------------

Where is it?  
How do I access it?  
Who do I speak with to get access?  
Is there a CDN? How does it work?  
Is there a particular release process?  
How do I deploy to it?  
How is it monitored?


Design
----------------------------------------------

Spot for designers to put any information they need.  
Any custom typefaces?  
Colour palette?  
Grid system?  
Where are the PSDs or mocks?


Known Issues / Gotchas
----------------------------------------------



Extended Resources
----------------------------------------------

Links to extended resources.

Commit message:

Updated rake with install profile, readme

README.md, after:

Join Us
==============================================

HR application for SMASH! - post and register positions


Required Environment / Minimum Setup
----------------------------------------------

PHP: See the [system requirements for Drupal 7](http://drupal.org/requirements)  
Ruby: 1.8+

We recommend a minimum of 64mb RAM allocated to PHP.


Notable Deviations
----------------------------------------------

Document any case where this project deviates from the standard policies.  
Not using git flow? What's the branching model?  
Esoteric release schedule? Document it.


Accessing the Site
----------------------------------------------

Runs on Apache: confirmed.  
Should be set up to be runnable on nginx but needs custom Filecache configuration.


Configuration
----------------------------------------------

Configuration file values are set in *config/drush.yml*

To install the dev version of the site, run  
@bundle install@
@bundle exec rake drush:make@  
@bundle exec rake drush:install@


Walkthrough / Smoke Test
----------------------------------------------

Describe a manual smoke test process to ensure that the env is running as it should be.


Testing
----------------------------------------------

How do you run the tests?


Staging Environment
----------------------------------------------

Where is it?  
How do I access it?  
Who do I speak with to get access?
How do I deploy to it?


Production Environment
----------------------------------------------

Where is it?  
How do I access it?  
Who do I speak with to get access?  
Is there a CDN? How does it work?  
Is there a particular release process?  
How do I deploy to it?  
How is it monitored?


Design
----------------------------------------------

This site uses Compass & SASS to pre-process CSS.  To update the compiled CSS:

1. Go to *sites/all/themes/smash_joinus*
2. Run @compass compile@

You can also use @compass watch@ to update CSS as you edit.

Colour palette is in 
*sites/all/themes/smash_joinus/sass/_base.scss*


Known Issues / Gotchas
----------------------------------------------



Extended Resources
----------------------------------------------

Links to extended resources.
